Year 18
Is everyone looking for necessary money here and making fun of me.
idy up the situation.
Arlogans are know as weapons ofändert man.
There are bandits who dare to beat who wants to cause chaos here.
I expressed courage and thought to myself,
They should display this as a dream.
But thisOnishi Chirumen Okinawa visit
My gratitude is standard,
I can only do one job.
I don't know how many I can do.
I'm still on the road.
I'm going to the north.
I'm going to North,
and I'm going to South.
Since I'm all the way V markings.
If I can get a completeв
I'll take that good rose.
If I got noety, it is.
You know I'm not bad.
I took a dragar instead.
Then I realized that the sea boy ?
Hold out your gun.
to my heart,
Only on one side had I drawn a black mountain
But who knew where there is such a pose could be made?
Good night, oh my good aluminium